it's not meant to be that way just a
little funny y'all laying on top of some
record like that that's not the way I do
it no who of you team with over the
years other wrestlers what titles have
you held US Championship the Pacific
Championship World Tag Team Championship
florida championship brass knuckles
championship North American Championship
well better program with roof oh you
think Bugsy did you ever team up with
y.o.u can redo haha we could get there
that Jack is it where'd you get that
head until Air Force Base did you buy it
new yes what do you want what you think
of a blackjack Mulligan I like I like we
didn't know it's like do I wait a minute
wait a min oh not asking you questions
you understand it's asking me and I'm
going to give an answer one way or the
other let Jack Mulligan yes I like
lecture and like I started saying we
don't always agree on everything but few
people ever do wouldn't you say that's
true what happens by the way what
happened between you and Gary Hart is he
once managed you in the world cup very
hard very hard whose child is that this
crying over their feeds of milk thank
God anyway Gary Hart what can I say
about him I haven't seen him in such a
long time and I hate to cast aspersions
upon the man but I did not really feel
like he was capable of the conquest that
was put before him you understand in
other words he was a little shady what
are you looking at son you know he was a
little shady at times what's this my
watch the winding my
thank you I thought you had your own son
don't take mine man okay um okay what's
next question where to go to high school
there mate I school that's why I went
right past high school right in college
huh wait see mommy we got my shoe please
I'm serious get a close-up on the shoot
everybody wants to see them is right
there Purdue that's not a high school
Jack that's a college that's where
what's College spit for you're gonna
greet understand and are gonna be good
has a diner on average typical wrestlers
you understand their college education
didn't hurt anybody and i'm proud to say
since you have indiana and i went to
Purdue which is in indiana thank you
very much can't you be quiet I can't
you're not the only one out here no I
thought I was I mean I looked around I
thought well hell and I know should you
can drag him out underneath the rock
better sry that's how can you say that
shit I'm the glu a champion what of the
xwi partner you don't know all about
that SWA I love that excuse the old
French but who in the h ii ll ever heard
of the SW ain't what is that come on gal
on each I be a I have to measure look
down right for you I said junior
heavyweight champ of what the pimps over
there away I don't know what it's trying
to watch it up at me and Sam bad bad
Leroy Brown he got sunglasses my god I'm
worried now since you've been in
wrestling for many years have you got
any famous stories that we really stick
in your mind is most memorable you could
share with us yeah okay wait what are
they what are they was how I broke into
wrestling I thought that was really good
see where's this Mike get up on the
story but all began when I was a child
I got my game anyway when I was a child
hmm and always wanted a pony always
wondering opponent so I went in to see
my mama and I looked at my mama was in
the kitchen doing the dishes you
understand me doing the dishes i walked
in i looked during the eyelid i said
mama unlike opponent and she looked at
me and said you can have a pony son if
it's okay with your father well i went
in to see my dad he was in the front
room you understanding his favorite
chair sitting there reading the paper so
I go in there I going daddy daddy slowly
he drags the paper down looks me
squarely in the answers what I said I'd
like a pony your mom said it was okay
with you it's okay with her that an
opponent he looked at me and said no
haha you know I'm not finished the story
another story sound fashion and he
slowly up the paper and began reading
here well I was just a child I was
devastated you nothing I was devastated
I was only 18 years old you know what I
mean I was demonstrated so what did I do
I kicked him right in the growing after
that I decided that I can get things for
myself instead if I want to buddy's
gonna get go straight ahead yes wait am
I still not through the story more on
the story will be boys moral of the
story is yeah I want a pony I can get a
pony but suddenly now that I'm a little
older 22 how do you how do you feel
about the following people Louis is daya
he's all right how do you how do you
feel about Louis's daya what is this
guy's guy where's mine honest